Make sure there's a GitHub Organization in place for all the repos. It's free for private repos too. It will make it easier for you to manage their work if you can manage repository settings in a "global" way.
Try to use "git-ops" as much as possible. So standardize a production branch and a development branch. Make your developers use "feat/" branches for their work. Make them do pull requests to merge into develop and use PRs to merge into production. Even if there's not git-based CI/CD in place, this standard makes it easier to manage developers. Use the pull requests to do code review—the code review features built into Github are great. Leave feedback in them to help them be better developers.
Enforce conventional commits for the commit messages. Just teach them it at the start and bring it up on PRs if they don't do it. Makes everything easier. https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
Make sure code linting, styling, and type-checking runs pre-commit. Just using the defaults is okay. But for JS/TS projects you should always have ESLint, Prettier, and type-checking set up. Be careful with Husky pre-commit hooks, sometimes they get weird. Consider this: Set up format-on-save in VSCode and just use GitHub Actions to run the lint and build on commit. The GitHub Action will fail if the dev doesn't run linting/typecheck and fix issues before they committed.
For new projects, give bun a try for package management. You can use it alongside node and it works better than pnpm for workspace dependency management, which will lessen headaches on the team.
Dependency management is going to be a pain ESPECIALLY if you work across Windows and Mac. It's truly worst in Python but still bad in Node. Use devcontainers wherever you can. Try to get the organization to pay for GitHub Codespaces so all the "compute" for the development environment is in the cloud and is standardized. It's about $15 USD per month per developer with full-time usage. https://github.com/features/codespaces
Use LiveShare for pair programming. It works great with Codespaces too (only one codespace needs to be running and you share it). https://code.visualstudio.com/learn/collaboration/live-share